StackPulse Integration (#853)
DataDog/integrations-extras: stackpulse/README.md

# StackPulse Integration

## Overview

> The [StackPulse][1] integration enables you to trigger automatic playbooks in response to Datadog alerts, providing alert enrichment, incident mitigation and collaboration. You can then send back events from your playbook executions directly to your Datadog event stream and dedicated StackPulse dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [StackPulse][1] integration enables you to trigger automatic playbooks in response to Datadog alerts, providing alert enrichment, incident mitigation, and collaboration. You can then send back events from your playbook executions directly to your Datadog event stream and dedicated StackPulse dashboard.
```

## Setup

> To set up this integration you must have an active [StackPulse account][2] and an Account Owner role in that account. You must also have proper admin permissions in Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up this integration, you must have an active [StackPulse account][2] and an Account Owner role in that account. You must also have proper admin permissions in Datadog.
```

### In StackPulse

> 1. On the **Integrations** page under **Monitoring**, locate the **Datadog** card and click **New**.

Reviewer: might be good to directly link to this page is possible

    ![Datadog Card][3]

2. Provide a meaningful name for the integration and click **Add**.

3. **Copy** the newly created webhook endpoint.

### In Datadog

> 1. Navigate to **Integrations** and choose the **Webhooks** card.

Reviewer: Adding a link here would be good too.

    ![Datadog Webhook Card][4]

2. Click on **New** to add a new Webhook integration.

> 3. Fill in the name for a new Webhook integration (remember to use it later in specific DataDog Monitors to trigger StackPulse) and the Webhook URL from the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Fill in the name for a new Webhook integration (remember to use it later in specific Datadog monitors to trigger StackPulse) and the Webhook URL from the previous step.
```

> 4. It is recommended to enhance the payload with additional alert information, using portions of a configuration below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. StackPulse recommends enhancing the payload with additional alert information, using portions of a configuration below:
```

        "id": "$ID",
        "metadata": {
            "AGGREG_KEY": "$AGGREG_KEY",
            "ALERT_CYCLE_KEY": "$ALERT_CYCLE_KEY",
            "ALERT_ID": "$ALERT_ID",
            "ALERT_METRIC": "$ALERT_METRIC",
            "ALERT_QUERY": "$ALERT_QUERY",
            "ALERT_SCOPE": "$ALERT_SCOPE",
            "ALERT_STATUS": "$ALERT_STATUS",
            "ALERT_TITLE": "$ALERT_TITLE",
            "ALERT_TRANSITION": "$ALERT_TRANSITION",
            "ALERT_TYPE": "$ALERT_TYPE",
            "EMAIL": "$EMAIL",
            "EVENT_MSG": "$EVENT_MSG",
            "EVENT_TITLE": "$EVENT_TITLE",
            "EVENT_TYPE": "$EVENT_TYPE",
            "HOSTNAME": "$HOSTNAME",
            "ID": "$ID",
            "LAST_UPDATED": "$LAST_UPDATED",
            "LINK": "$LINK",
            "METRIC_NAMESPACE": "$METRIC_NAMESPACE",
            "ORG_ID": "$ORG_ID",
            "ORG_NAME": "$ORG_NAME",
            "PRIORITY": "$PRIORITY",
            "SNAPSHOT": "$SNAPSHOT",
            "TAGS": "$TAGS",
            "TEXT_ONLY_MSG": "$TEXT_ONLY_MSG",
            "USER": "$USER",
            "USERNAME": "$USERNAME",
            "LOGS_SAMPLE": "$LOGS_SAMPLE"
        }
    }
    ```

> 5. Pick Monitors for triggering StackPulse Playbooks and in the **Alert Your Team** field add a reference to the newly created Webhook integration. For further details, please refer to [DataDog Documentation on Managing Monitors](https://docs.datadoghq.com/monitors/manage_monitor/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Pick monitors for triggering StackPulse Playbooks, and in the **Alert Your Team** field, add a reference to the newly created Webhook integration. For further details, see the [Datadog documentation on managing monitors](https://docs.datadoghq.com/monitors/manage_monitor/).
```

> 6. Navigate to **Integrations -> APIs** and choose the **API Keys** card. Under **New API Key** input a meaningful name for the new key and click **Create API Key**, then **Copy** the new masked key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Navigate to **Integrations -> APIs** and choose the **API Keys** card. Under **New API Key**, input a meaningful name for the new key and click **Create API Key**, then **Copy** the new key.
```

### Back In StackPulse

1. On the **Integrations** page under **Secrets**, locate the **Datadog API Keys** card and click **Add**.

    ![Datadog API Keys Card][5]

2. Provide a meaningful name for the integration and click **Add**.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

The StackPulse integration does not provide any metrics.

### Events

> The StackPulse integration allows you to send events to you Datadog Event Stream using the [Datadog Post Event][6] step. You can use the step with your playbooks to notify Datadog about successful mitigations, execution failures, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The StackPulse integration allows you to send events to your Datadog event stream using the [Datadog Post Event][6] step. You can use the step with your playbooks to notify Datadog about successful mitigations and execution failures.
```
